---
layout: post
title: March 2025 Update
author: adam
permalink: /march-2025-update
description:
image:
tags: tails
---

## Mental Health

I would really like to be writing and posting more often, but this has felt exceptionally hard for the last year or so. Each day I've woken up more stressed and anxious than the last. This has slowly built up an internal paralysis that drives more anxiety.

This morning I was thinking about how little content I find or see from a person actively in the middle of struggle. Anything "motivational" is written from the perspective of someone that is already "on the other side" or someone that is simply marketing services. I think it will be interesting to have some written history from this period. Even if it's just for myself.

One of the top reasons I avoid writing is because right now I don't have the mental capacity to digest this all into a nicely structured post. When I opened the text editor for this post I was immediately stressed out by what title I even give to this.

Possibly the biggest reason I want to write is simply because I feel better when I do. I think part of my struggle for the last while is that I've told myself I'm too busy to allow myself to write. Public writing sometimes feels like the only possible exhaust vent for my own exhaustion.

Maybe I'll allow myself (read: force myself) to write some kind of monthly update without much worry for organizing or entertaining so I can at least get it down somewhere.

I took all of February off this year to travel and that was probably one of the best choices I could have made. Without this, I think I would have continued to sink into a hole of despair. Despite a prolonged period of trying to get my gears turning again, I've returned with more hope and energy than I previously had.

## kaizen.place

The full vision here continues to get clearer here each day. I'm particularly excited about our recent approval as a Meta App. This has hindered our ability to more broadly offer Instagram automations and with this new approval we can start to offer this to all.

We will be continuing forward seeking our first round of funding in the near future. Succeeding at this will probably bring about the most dramatic shift in how things work since starting work on this project. I'm looking forward to this process and would like to write about it as things progress.

We have been running pre-sale tickets for Kennedy Ryon's first tour for months now and finally all the details are coming together. We've helped narrow down the list of potential cities to 8. I'm looking forward to going to the first show of the tour in Los Angeles in early June.

Meanwhile there are new bigger things brewing in the background. I should hopefully have more information at the end of April, but until then they'll stay under wraps.
